Initial port of tynt to filter_parameterization subpackage (#257)
spacetelescope/synphot_refactor: docs/synphot/filter_par.rst

.. _synphot_par_filters:

Parameterized Filters
=====================

.. note::

    The algorithm for parameterized filters here was originally developed by
    Brett Morris for the `tynt <https://github.com/bmorris3/tynt/>`_ package.

Some filters could be approximated using Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).
If a filter is approximated this way, one only needs to store its FFT

> parameters instead of all the sampled data points. This would reduce the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameters instead of all the sampled data points. This reduces the
```

> storage size and increase performance, at the cost of reduced accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
storage size and increases performance, at the cost of reduced accuracy.
```

If you decide to use the parameterization functions provided here,
it is up to you to decide whether the results are good enough for your

> use cases or not.

Author: Opened issue at #332

    >>> filter_pars_table  # doctest: +SKIP
    <Table length=1>
          filter      n_lambda ...                  fft_9
                               ...
          str17        int...  ...                complex128
    ----------------- -------- ... ---------------------------------------
    HST/ACS/HRC/F555W    10000 ... (38.635087381362396-13.02803811279449j)
    >>> filter_pars_table.write('my_filter_pars.fits')  # doctest: +SKIP

.. TODO: Only skipping the filter_pars_table comparison above because output
   is slightly different for NUMPY_LT_1_17. Unskip it and replace with
   +FLOAT_CMP +ELLIPSIS when Numpy minversion is 1.17.

.. _filter_fft_construction:

Reconstructing Filter from FFT
------------------------------

Once you have a parameterized filter (see :ref:`filter_fft_generation`),
you can reconstruct it for use using
:func:`~synphot.filter_parameterization.filter_from_fft`.
Following from the example above::

    >>> from synphot.filter_parameterization import filter_from_fft
    >>> reconstructed_bp = filter_from_fft(
    ...     n_lambda, lambda_0, delta_lambda, tr_max, fft_pars)

For this particular example using HST ACS/HRC F555W filter, perhaps 10

> parameters are not quite sufficient. Therefore, caution needs to be exercised

Reviewer: Maybe there should be one more snippet below that shows a reconstruction with more than 10 fft coefficients?  That would also demonstrate how to actually do that for the user (I know it's in the API, but since it's coming up, might as well show it here).

Author: I'll chuck this as follow-up issue because I have no idea what you mean anymore. I haven't thought about this for 2 years. 😆
